hey hey we found her we found the girl
come on did you call the cops nope we
took her to lunch ah your own brand of
vigilante justice
are you insane this woman stole from you
she she stole she's a stealer you know
what after here with this woman for like
ten minutes you forget all that
okay she is this astounding person with
it with it's a amazing spirit yeah
which she probably stole from some
cheerleader take off their hats Pope's
in a Volkswagen
I love matcha way nowhere did you do
this banana was very brave they've been
so wild we told them that we were the
gutter sins in room 615 who can you find
out that the Boston Celtics and take it
over the entire sixth floor so when they
caught on to the fact that we're you
know short and have breath been through
is out I was thrown out of a hotel me
Donna well you ladies are not the only
ones living the dream I get to go pour
coffee for people I don't know don't
wait up
oh by the way tomorrow we're auditioning
for a Broadway show excuse me there's an
open call for cats I'm thinking we go
down there sing memories and make
complete fools of ourselves what do you
say no no no no no you remember who
you're dealing with here I mean I'm not
like you
I can't even stand in front of a tap
class so that's just probably cause of
your Amish background what well your
Pennsylvania Dutch right right till I
bought a blow dryer then I was shunned
I to be just like you and then one day I
saw a movie that changed my life do you
ever see Dead Poets Society uh-huh I
thought that movie was so incredibly
boring thing at the end where the kid
kills himself because he can't be in the
play
what was that it's like kid wait a year
leave home do some community theater I
walked out of there and I thought now
that's two hours of my life that I'm
never getting back and that thought
scared me more than all the other crap I
was afraid to do Wow then I would
definitely not recommend mrs. Doubtfire
where the hell have you been
why can I just crash an embassy party
are you drunk no why oh great Monica you
know what you could have been hauled
I've been up here I've been worried
Monica
rulz yes yes it does okay look the
restaurant called again today they want
to know if you're gonna be showing up
for work
nope going to Big Apple Circus today
okay Monica what are you doing you're
gonna lose your job this is not you no
it is me you know I'm not just the
person who needs to fluff the pillows
and pay the bills as soon as they come
in
yeah I'm with her I am so much more than
that
um I'm Madonna hello yes she is hold on
a second please
mm oh nana it's for you the credit card
people hello
yeah oh my god
Thanks what they've arrested Monica